As you remember from our previous video for our create product page we said that we're going to be looking
for the reference slash products slash ad and that's going to be sobering point for our create product
page.
So to do that let's start off with creating our controller.
So I'll copy this path and I'll move on to my controller and within the controller I'm going to create
a new request mapping and the path of that request mapping is going to be this one.
And of course I'm going to be using the get method for that request mapping and after that I'm going
to say this is going to be the create product at
and as the injection I'm going to be taking a UI model from spring and we see so that I can return an
empty model empty product model to my interface.
So for doing that I'm going to say I need a new attribute and that attribute is going to be named as
product and then I'm simply going to say I'm returning a new product.
All right.
And after that I'll actually return the web page that I'm interested in.
For our create product page we're actually going to be sharing that interface with the added product
page.
So 40 asked him M-file I'm going to simply create a single page him I'll file and then I'm going to
use that with the new page and the edit page.
So for doing that I'll go to my templates folder and I'm going to create a new ways to him L5.
And I'm simply going to name it as added.
H t m l
within that HMO file I'll start off with the timely namespace.
So for doing that again SML namespace and th Then HTP w w w dot time we've got or write and after that
I'm going to say the language is going to be English.
I already have the Met attack and my other pages.
So I'm simply getting rid of this in here.
And after that I'll say the title of my page is going to be added product details.
All right.
And the other crucial part of our application is to include our header that age to mail.
So for doing that I'm going to create a new block from time we've.
And within that block I'm going to use de-th include Ptak
and within that Keech include tech.
I'm going to provide the header that a Steimle way out slash header.
And actually we missed a part in our link for time namespace.
So to fix that I'll add my backslashes and here we go.
Now let's move on to the body part of our application and provide the details of our product.
I'll start by creating a new division within that equation.
I'm going to be using the container class and inside that division I'll first say I'll use a a two header
and within that header I'm going to say edit product details.
After that attack I'm actually going to provide the product details table this table is going to be
shaped as a form.
So within that I'm going to create a new form
and for the form I'm going to be using the form horizontal will trap class.
Let's fix that.
And the object that I'm going to be using within this form is the product object that returning from
our request mapping.
It's just one so let's reference it with a T-H object within that object.
I'm going to provide dollar and then curly braces and product.
All right after that I'm going to be providing the action for this form and the action that the form
is going to take when we submit this form is going to be products endpoint.
So to say that I'm going to say th action is going to be at and kill the braces slash products.
So you should notice that this products end point is going to be a POS standpoint.
And let's also say the method that we're going to use and the method that we're going to use as I said
a minute ago as post.
All right within our forum I'll start by creating another division and that division is going to be
a form group.
So that was Rapkin group my form elements and within the group I'm going to use the bootstraps.
Another beautiful way of Gretz I'll say this is going to be small medium column with the tent size of
an element.
For more details on which rap styles I definitely encourage you to check out their web page.
They have greater Tauriel and sources so that you can learn and understand bootstrap deeply so far our
first element in our Form I'm going to provide an input within that input I'm going to provide it's
time as hidden.
This is going to be our ID field so we don't actually need to see when we create a new product.
And after that I'm going to say this is a form control for the actual field that we're going to use
with this element.
Is th field so that one is going to be Asterix and curly braces ID.
All right let's close our input tack and move on with our next element for our next element.
As you can guess from now we're going to provide another form group
within our group.
We're not going to provide a label and the first property of our product class is the name so for a
name we're going to first start by providing the class that's going to be called S-M 2 and then I'm
also going to provide another class here.
It's going to be control and label.
This is going to be indicating that this is a label and it's a control element and for the text of this
element I'm going to say name all right
for the input text of this label the element right next to it is going to be and in fulfilled.
So to hold that input field I'm going to provide another division within that division I'm going to
say call S.M. and 10 and right in that division I'll provide my input field to Type of this input field
is going to be taxed and the class that I'm going to use is again from control let's fix our form.
Here we go.
And after that I'm going to be providing the field that I'm going to use sort of field is going to be
Asterix and description.
All right.
Let's close our task and move on with our next element.
For our next element I'm going to create another.
And declasse as you know by now is going to be a form group
that I'm going to start by creating a label and this field is going to be for Type of our product.
So I'll say class call S-M 2.
And then the other class that I'm going to be providing is control and waybill.
All right.
So I'm going to say detax is type and then I'll provide a division to hold my input within that division
I'm going to say the class is going to be call S.M. and 10 within that division I'm going to be providing
my input as type text and then class is going to be form control
the field that I'm going to be referencing for this element yes th field Asterix and type Let's close
our input tech and move on with the next element of our form.
Our next element is the category for our category.
I'm starting a new division.
So that equation is going to be classed as form group
within that day.
I'm going to provide another label and that label is going to be classed as call S.M. and 2 for addition.
I'm going to say this is going to be also classed with control waybill and for the text of this label
I'm going to be providing category.
All right.
Let's also create another dare to hold our input and A-class for that there is going to be called S
M and 10 within that there.
I'm going to be providing the input and the type of that input is going to be text declasse that I'm
going to use as for them dash control and the actual field I'm referencing what this input element is
going to be Asterix and
category.
All right
what else do we have.
We have price left for our form.
So that's great.
Our final division and division again is going to be a form group within that division.
I'm going to be providing a label again and declasse for that label is going to be call S-M 2 and also
provide the control label Takk for the text.
I'm willing to say this is price.
And for our input I'm creating another div and the class for that call is 10 written that day.
I'm going to provide an input as type of text and the class for that input is going to be from control
the actual field to them referencing for that input is going to be Asterix and price right.
We're almost done with our form.
But before we finish we should provide a submit button for our form that our users can create new products.
So to do that I'll create another day right below that one and I'm going to put a button inside it.
So for that day I'm going to also use form group class and
inside that div I'm going to have another day and provide it as call S-M to
INSIDE MY FINAL DAY.
I'm going to say I want a button and the type of guy pudden is going to be submit and declasse for it
is going to be button and Button primary.
So for the name of that palm I'm going to use save.
All right.
We're almost finished with our create product page but to actually how we're working we should be exposing
a new endpoint.
As we said earlier and this is the slash product standpoint this is going to be posted.
This forum is going to be posted to that end point and then we can create our product in our database.
So to finish off it or create product page I'll switch back to my controller and within that controller
I'll first say I'm going to be returning the added page.
All right so that controller can refer us back to our create product pitch for the actual creation of
our product.
I'm going to be creating a new method and that method is going to be say product get it within that
same product method.
I'm going to be taking a product object and with product object I can simply say that I can save this
product but for doing that we should have a reference to our repository.
So for doing that I'll go right up and I'll say private product repository and product repository for
the injection.
I'll create a setter and then I'm simply going to order it.
All right.
For our product repository I'll say product repository save and pass the product from our UI to our
method.
All right.
In the end I'll be redirecting our users to our index page.
So for doing that I'll use return and direct and then I'll simply say slash for the actual request mapping.
Let's go up to our Methot and say request mapping is going to be the path products.
And the method that we're going to use is toast.
All right.
We're almost done with creating our product to see it in action.
Let's read on our application and see what's going on.
Our applications started up and let's switch back to Firefox and refresh our page.
All right now let's click Create product page in create product page as we expect it.
We have our added product details as you can see here with the labels on the left and import tax on
the right.
And we also have the same one right below.
So let's create a new product with our new web page for that product.
I'm going to say great product for description.
This is a great product
and for this category I'm going to say greatness and the price is going to be 10.
All right.
Now let's say our product and see it within our repository.
So I'll hit say and as you can see our application redirected us to our index page.
Now let's check out our new product in our repository.
So for doing that I'm going to open up a new tab and that tap I'm going to go to my H-2 database localhost
1889 slash to
and now this connect to our database in our database if we select our product table we have three products.
And as you can see we sell our product in our repository.
So that concludes our create product page for the implementation of listing products.
I'll be seeing you in the next video.